A bird is awake this morning.
Several birds are awake this morning.
A bird was awake last evening.
Several birds were awake last evening.
A bird is hungry this morning.
Several birds are hungry this morning.
A bird was hungry last evening.
Several birds were hungry last evening.
A bird is quiet this morning.
Several birds are quiet this morning.
A bird was quiet last evening.
Several birds were quiet last evening.
A bird is nearby this morning.
Several birds are nearby this morning.
A bird was nearby last evening.
Several birds were nearby last evening.
A bird is outside this morning.
Several birds are outside this morning.
A bird was outside last evening.
Several birds were outside last evening.
A bird is small this morning.
Several birds are small this morning.
A bird was small last evening.
Several birds were small last evening.
A dog is awake this morning.
Several dogs are awake this morning.
A dog was awake last evening.
Several dogs were awake last evening.
A dog is hungry this morning.
Several dogs are hungry this morning.
A dog was hungry last evening.
Several dogs were hungry last evening.
A dog is quiet this morning.
Several dogs are quiet this morning.
A dog was quiet last evening.
Several dogs were quiet last evening.
A dog is nearby this morning.
Several dogs are nearby this morning.
A dog was nearby last evening.
Several dogs were nearby last evening.
A dog is outside this morning.
Several dogs are outside this morning.
A dog was outside last evening.
Several dogs were outside last evening.
A dog is small this morning.
Several dogs are small this morning.
A dog was small last evening.
Several dogs were small last evening.
A cat is awake this morning.
Several cats are awake this morning.
A cat was awake last evening.
Several cats were awake last evening.
A cat is hungry this morning.
Several cats are hungry this morning.
A cat was hungry last evening.
Several cats were hungry last evening.
A cat is quiet this morning.
Several cats are quiet this morning.
A cat was quiet last evening.
Several cats were quiet last evening.
A cat is nearby this morning.
Several cats are nearby this morning.
A cat was nearby last evening.
Several cats were nearby last evening.
A cat is outside this morning.
Several cats are outside this morning.
A cat was outside last evening.
Several cats were outside last evening.
A cat is small this morning.
Several cats are small this morning.
A cat was small last evening.
Several cats were small last evening.
A rabbit is awake this morning.
Several rabbits are awake this morning.
A rabbit was awake last evening.
Several rabbits were awake last evening.
A rabbit is hungry this morning.
Several rabbits are hungry this morning.
A rabbit was hungry last evening.
Several rabbits were hungry last evening.
A rabbit is quiet this morning.
Several rabbits are quiet this morning.
A rabbit was quiet last evening.
Several rabbits were quiet last evening.
A rabbit is nearby this morning.
Several rabbits are nearby this morning.
A rabbit was nearby last evening.
Several rabbits were nearby last evening.
A rabbit is outside this morning.
Several rabbits are outside this morning.
A rabbit was outside last evening.
Several rabbits were outside last evening.
A rabbit is small this morning.
Several rabbits are small this morning.
A rabbit was small last evening.
Several rabbits were small last evening.
A horse is awake this morning.
Several horses are awake this morning.
A horse was awake last evening.
Several horses were awake last evening.
A horse is hungry this morning.
Several horses are hungry this morning.
A horse was hungry last evening.
Several horses were hungry last evening.
A horse is quiet this morning.
Several horses are quiet this morning.
A horse was quiet last evening.
Several horses were quiet last evening.
A horse is nearby this morning.
Several horses are nearby this morning.
A horse was nearby last evening.
Several horses were nearby last evening.
A horse is outside this morning.
Several horses are outside this morning.
A horse was outside last evening.
Several horses were outside last evening.
A horse is small this morning.
Several horses are small this morning.
A horse was small last evening.
Several horses were small last evening.
A duck is awake this morning.
Several ducks are awake this morning.
A duck was awake last evening.
Several ducks were awake last evening.
A duck is hungry this morning.
Several ducks are hungry this morning.
A duck was hungry last evening.
Several ducks were hungry last evening.
A duck is quiet this morning.
Several ducks are quiet this morning.
A duck was quiet last evening.
Several ducks were quiet last evening.
A duck is nearby this morning.
Several ducks are nearby this morning.
A duck was nearby last evening.
Several ducks were nearby last evening.
A duck is outside this morning.
Several ducks are outside this morning.
A duck was outside last evening.
Several ducks were outside last evening.
A duck is small this morning.
Several ducks are small this morning.
A duck was small last evening.
Several ducks were small last evening.
A goat is awake this morning.
Several goats are awake this morning.
A goat was awake last evening.
Several goats were awake last evening.
A goat is hungry this morning.
Several goats are hungry this morning.
A goat was hungry last evening.
Several goats were hungry last evening.
A goat is quiet this morning.
Several goats are quiet this morning.
A goat was quiet last evening.
Several goats were quiet last evening.
A goat is nearby this morning.
Several goats are nearby this morning.
A goat was nearby last evening.
Several goats were nearby last evening.
A goat is outside this morning.
Several goats are outside this morning.
A goat was outside last evening.
Several goats were outside last evening.
A goat is small this morning.
Several goats are small this morning.
A goat was small last evening.
Several goats were small last evening.
A fox is awake this morning.
Several foxes are awake this morning.
A fox was awake last evening.
Several foxes were awake last evening.
A fox is hungry this morning.
Several foxes are hungry this morning.
A fox was hungry last evening.
Several foxes were hungry last evening.
A fox is quiet this morning.
Several foxes are quiet this morning.
A fox was quiet last evening.
Several foxes were quiet last evening.
A fox is nearby this morning.
Several foxes are nearby this morning.
A fox was nearby last evening.
Several foxes were nearby last evening.
A fox is outside this morning.
Several foxes are outside this morning.
A fox was outside last evening.
Several foxes were outside last evening.
A fox is small this morning.
Several foxes are small this morning.
A fox was small last evening.
Several foxes were small last evening.
I am ready today.
She is ready today.
We are ready today.
They were ready last night.
She was ready last night.
He is ready today.
I am early today.
She is early today.
We are early today.
They were early last night.
She was early last night.
He is early today.
I am late today.
She is late today.
We are late today.
They were late last night.
She was late last night.
He is late today.
I am happy today.
She is happy today.
We are happy today.
They were happy last night.
She was happy last night.
He is happy today.
I am tired today.
She is tired today.
We are tired today.
They were tired last night.
She was tired last night.
He is tired today.
I am quiet today.
She is quiet today.
We are quiet today.
They were quiet last night.
She was quiet last night.
He is quiet today.
I am warm today.
She is warm today.
We are warm today.
They were warm last night.
She was warm last night.
He is warm today.
I am cold today.
She is cold today.
We are cold today.
They were cold last night.
She was cold last night.
He is cold today.
She walks to the garden each morning.
They walk to the garden each morning.
I walk to the garden each morning.
She walks to the garden every afternoon.
They walk to the garden every afternoon.
I walk to the garden every afternoon.
She walks to the garden on weekends.
They walk to the garden on weekends.
I walk to the garden on weekends.
She walked to the garden last Monday.
They walked to the garden last Monday.
We were walking to the garden last Monday.
She walked to the garden last week.
They walked to the garden last week.
We were walking to the garden last week.
She walked to the garden yesterday.
They walked to the garden yesterday.
We were walking to the garden yesterday.
She walked to the garden last summer.
They walked to the garden last summer.
We were walking to the garden last summer.
She is walking to the garden now.
They are walking to the garden now.
She walks to the park each morning.
They walk to the park each morning.
I walk to the park each morning.
She walks to the park every afternoon.
They walk to the park every afternoon.
I walk to the park every afternoon.
She walks to the park on weekends.
They walk to the park on weekends.
I walk to the park on weekends.
She walked to the park last Monday.
They walked to the park last Monday.
We were walking to the park last Monday.
She walked to the park last week.
They walked to the park last week.
We were walking to the park last week.
She walked to the park yesterday.
They walked to the park yesterday.
We were walking to the park yesterday.
She walked to the park last summer.
They walked to the park last summer.
We were walking to the park last summer.
She is walking to the park now.
They are walking to the park now.
She walks to the library each morning.
They walk to the library each morning.
I walk to the library each morning.
She walks to the library every afternoon.
They walk to the library every afternoon.
I walk to the library every afternoon.
She walks to the library on weekends.
They walk to the library on weekends.
I walk to the library on weekends.
She walked to the library last Monday.
They walked to the library last Monday.
We were walking to the library last Monday.
She walked to the library last week.
They walked to the library last week.
We were walking to the library last week.
She walked to the library yesterday.
They walked to the library yesterday.
We were walking to the library yesterday.
She walked to the library last summer.
They walked to the library last summer.
We were walking to the library last summer.
She is walking to the library now.
They are walking to the library now.
She walks to the bridge each morning.
They walk to the bridge each morning.
I walk to the bridge each morning.
She walks to the bridge every afternoon.
They walk to the bridge every afternoon.
I walk to the bridge every afternoon.
She walks to the bridge on weekends.
They walk to the bridge on weekends.
I walk to the bridge on weekends.
She walked to the bridge last Monday.
They walked to the bridge last Monday.
We were walking to the bridge last Monday.
She walked to the bridge last week.
They walked to the bridge last week.
We were walking to the bridge last week.
She walked to the bridge yesterday.
They walked to the bridge yesterday.
We were walking to the bridge yesterday.
She walked to the bridge last summer.
They walked to the bridge last summer.
We were walking to the bridge last summer.
She is walking to the bridge now.
They are walking to the bridge now.
She walks to the village each morning.
They walk to the village each morning.
I walk to the village each morning.
She walks to the village every afternoon.
They walk to the village every afternoon.
I walk to the village every afternoon.
She walks to the village on weekends.
They walk to the village on weekends.
I walk to the village on weekends.
She walked to the village last Monday.
They walked to the village last Monday.
We were walking to the village last Monday.
She walked to the village last week.
They walked to the village last week.
We were walking to the village last week.
She walked to the village yesterday.
They walked to the village yesterday.
We were walking to the village yesterday.
She walked to the village last summer.
They walked to the village last summer.
We were walking to the village last summer.
She is walking to the village now.
They are walking to the village now.
She walks to the beach each morning.
They walk to the beach each morning.
I walk to the beach each morning.
She walks to the beach every afternoon.
They walk to the beach every afternoon.
I walk to the beach every afternoon.
She walks to the beach on weekends.
They walk to the beach on weekends.
I walk to the beach on weekends.
She walked to the beach last Monday.
They walked to the beach last Monday.
We were walking to the beach last Monday.
She walked to the beach last week.
They walked to the beach last week.
We were walking to the beach last week.
She walked to the beach yesterday.
They walked to the beach yesterday.
We were walking to the beach yesterday.
She walked to the beach last summer.
They walked to the beach last summer.
We were walking to the beach last summer.
She is walking to the beach now.
They are walking to the beach now.
She walks to the school each morning.
They walk to the school each morning.
I walk to the school each morning.
She walks to the school every afternoon.
They walk to the school every afternoon.
I walk to the school every afternoon.
She walks to the school on weekends.
They walk to the school on weekends.
I walk to the school on weekends.
She walked to the school last Monday.
They walked to the school last Monday.
We were walking to the school last Monday.
She walked to the school last week.
They walked to the school last week.
We were walking to the school last week.
She walked to the school yesterday.
They walked to the school yesterday.
We were walking to the school yesterday.
She walked to the school last summer.
They walked to the school last summer.
We were walking to the school last summer.
She is walking to the school now.
They are walking to the school now.
She walks to the store each morning.
They walk to the store each morning.
I walk to the store each morning.
She walks to the store every afternoon.
They walk to the store every afternoon.
I walk to the store every afternoon.
She walks to the store on weekends.
They walk to the store on weekends.
I walk to the store on weekends.
She walked to the store last Monday.
They walked to the store last Monday.
We were walking to the store last Monday.
She walked to the store last week.
They walked to the store last week.
We were walking to the store last week.
She walked to the store yesterday.
They walked to the store yesterday.
We were walking to the store yesterday.
She walked to the store last summer.
They walked to the store last summer.
We were walking to the store last summer.
She is walking to the store now.
They are walking to the store now.
At the garden, one drink is hot while another is cold.
We compared a hot drink with a cold drink at the garden.
The hot drink differs from the cold drink at the garden.
At the garden, the drink changed from hot to cold.
At the garden, the drink changed from cold to hot.
At the park, one drink is hot while another is cold.
We compared a hot drink with a cold drink at the park.
The hot drink differs from the cold drink at the park.
At the park, the drink changed from hot to cold.
At the park, the drink changed from cold to hot.
At the library, one drink is hot while another is cold.
We compared a hot drink with a cold drink at the library.
The hot drink differs from the cold drink at the library.
At the library, the drink changed from hot to cold.
At the library, the drink changed from cold to hot.
At the office, one drink is hot while another is cold.
We compared a hot drink with a cold drink at the office.
The hot drink differs from the cold drink at the office.
At the office, the drink changed from hot to cold.
At the office, the drink changed from cold to hot.
At the station, one drink is hot while another is cold.
We compared a hot drink with a cold drink at the station.
The hot drink differs from the cold drink at the station.
At the station, the drink changed from hot to cold.
At the station, the drink changed from cold to hot.
At the school, one drink is hot while another is cold.
We compared a hot drink with a cold drink at the school.
The hot drink differs from the cold drink at the school.
At the school, the drink changed from hot to cold.
At the school, the drink changed from cold to hot.
At the store, one drink is hot while another is cold.
We compared a hot drink with a cold drink at the store.
The hot drink differs from the cold drink at the store.
At the store, the drink changed from hot to cold.
At the store, the drink changed from cold to hot.
At the market, one drink is hot while another is cold.
We compared a hot drink with a cold drink at the market.
The hot drink differs from the cold drink at the market.
At the market, the drink changed from hot to cold.
At the market, the drink changed from cold to hot.
At the garden, one room is warm while another is cool.
We compared a warm room with a cool room at the garden.
The warm room differs from the cool room at the garden.
At the garden, the room changed from warm to cool.
At the garden, the room changed from cool to warm.
At the park, one room is warm while another is cool.
We compared a warm room with a cool room at the park.
The warm room differs from the cool room at the park.
At the park, the room changed from warm to cool.
At the park, the room changed from cool to warm.
At the library, one room is warm while another is cool.
We compared a warm room with a cool room at the library.
The warm room differs from the cool room at the library.
At the library, the room changed from warm to cool.
At the library, the room changed from cool to warm.
At the office, one room is warm while another is cool.
We compared a warm room with a cool room at the office.
The warm room differs from the cool room at the office.
At the office, the room changed from warm to cool.
At the office, the room changed from cool to warm.
At the station, one room is warm while another is cool.
We compared a warm room with a cool room at the station.
The warm room differs from the cool room at the station.
At the station, the room changed from warm to cool.
At the station, the room changed from cool to warm.
At the school, one room is warm while another is cool.
We compared a warm room with a cool room at the school.
The warm room differs from the cool room at the school.
At the school, the room changed from warm to cool.
At the school, the room changed from cool to warm.
At the store, one room is warm while another is cool.
We compared a warm room with a cool room at the store.
The warm room differs from the cool room at the store.
At the store, the room changed from warm to cool.
At the store, the room changed from cool to warm.
At the market, one room is warm while another is cool.
We compared a warm room with a cool room at the market.
The warm room differs from the cool room at the market.
At the market, the room changed from warm to cool.
At the market, the room changed from cool to warm.
At the garden, one basket is empty while another is full.
We compared a empty basket with a full basket at the garden.
The empty basket differs from the full basket at the garden.
At the garden, the basket changed from empty to full.
At the garden, the basket changed from full to empty.
At the park, one basket is empty while another is full.
We compared a empty basket with a full basket at the park.
The empty basket differs from the full basket at the park.
At the park, the basket changed from empty to full.
At the park, the basket changed from full to empty.
At the library, one basket is empty while another is full.
We compared a empty basket with a full basket at the library.
The empty basket differs from the full basket at the library.
At the library, the basket changed from empty to full.
At the library, the basket changed from full to empty.
At the office, one basket is empty while another is full.
We compared a empty basket with a full basket at the office.
The empty basket differs from the full basket at the office.
At the office, the basket changed from empty to full.
At the office, the basket changed from full to empty.
At the station, one basket is empty while another is full.
We compared a empty basket with a full basket at the station.
The empty basket differs from the full basket at the station.
At the station, the basket changed from empty to full.
At the station, the basket changed from full to empty.
At the school, one basket is empty while another is full.
We compared a empty basket with a full basket at the school.
The empty basket differs from the full basket at the school.
At the school, the basket changed from empty to full.
At the school, the basket changed from full to empty.
At the store, one basket is empty while another is full.
We compared a empty basket with a full basket at the store.
The empty basket differs from the full basket at the store.
At the store, the basket changed from empty to full.
At the store, the basket changed from full to empty.
At the market, one basket is empty while another is full.
We compared a empty basket with a full basket at the market.
The empty basket differs from the full basket at the market.
At the market, the basket changed from empty to full.
At the market, the basket changed from full to empty.
At the garden, one street is noisy while another is quiet.
We compared a noisy street with a quiet street at the garden.
The noisy street differs from the quiet street at the garden.
At the garden, the street changed from noisy to quiet.
At the garden, the street changed from quiet to noisy.
At the park, one street is noisy while another is quiet.
We compared a noisy street with a quiet street at the park.
The noisy street differs from the quiet street at the park.
At the park, the street changed from noisy to quiet.
At the park, the street changed from quiet to noisy.
At the library, one street is noisy while another is quiet.
We compared a noisy street with a quiet street at the library.
The noisy street differs from the quiet street at the library.
At the library, the street changed from noisy to quiet.
At the library, the street changed from quiet to noisy.
At the office, one street is noisy while another is quiet.
We compared a noisy street with a quiet street at the office.
The noisy street differs from the quiet street at the office.
At the office, the street changed from noisy to quiet.
At the office, the street changed from quiet to noisy.
At the station, one street is noisy while another is quiet.
We compared a noisy street with a quiet street at the station.
The noisy street differs from the quiet street at the station.
At the station, the street changed from noisy to quiet.
At the station, the street changed from quiet to noisy.
At the school, one street is noisy while another is quiet.
We compared a noisy street with a quiet street at the school.
The noisy street differs from the quiet street at the school.
At the school, the street changed from noisy to quiet.
At the school, the street changed from quiet to noisy.
At the store, one street is noisy while another is quiet.
We compared a noisy street with a quiet street at the store.
The noisy street differs from the quiet street at the store.
At the store, the street changed from noisy to quiet.
At the store, the street changed from quiet to noisy.
At the market, one street is noisy while another is quiet.
We compared a noisy street with a quiet street at the market.
The noisy street differs from the quiet street at the market.
At the market, the street changed from noisy to quiet.
At the market, the street changed from quiet to noisy.
At the garden, one sound is loud while another is soft.
We compared a loud sound with a soft sound at the garden.
The loud sound differs from the soft sound at the garden.
At the garden, the sound changed from loud to soft.
At the garden, the sound changed from soft to loud.
At the park, one sound is loud while another is soft.
We compared a loud sound with a soft sound at the park.
The loud sound differs from the soft sound at the park.
At the park, the sound changed from loud to soft.
At the park, the sound changed from soft to loud.
At the library, one sound is loud while another is soft.
We compared a loud sound with a soft sound at the library.
The loud sound differs from the soft sound at the library.
At the library, the sound changed from loud to soft.
At the library, the sound changed from soft to loud.
At the office, one sound is loud while another is soft.
We compared a loud sound with a soft sound at the office.
The loud sound differs from the soft sound at the office.
At the office, the sound changed from loud to soft.
At the office, the sound changed from soft to loud.
At the station, one sound is loud while another is soft.
We compared a loud sound with a soft sound at the station.
The loud sound differs from the soft sound at the station.
At the station, the sound changed from loud to soft.
At the station, the sound changed from soft to loud.
At the school, one sound is loud while another is soft.
We compared a loud sound with a soft sound at the school.
The loud sound differs from the soft sound at the school.
At the school, the sound changed from loud to soft.
At the school, the sound changed from soft to loud.
At the store, one sound is loud while another is soft.
We compared a loud sound with a soft sound at the store.
The loud sound differs from the soft sound at the store.
At the store, the sound changed from loud to soft.
At the store, the sound changed from soft to loud.
At the market, one sound is loud while another is soft.
We compared a loud sound with a soft sound at the market.
The loud sound differs from the soft sound at the market.
At the market, the sound changed from loud to soft.
At the market, the sound changed from soft to loud.
At the garden, one bag is heavy while another is light.
We compared a heavy bag with a light bag at the garden.
The heavy bag differs from the light bag at the garden.
At the garden, the bag changed from heavy to light.
At the garden, the bag changed from light to heavy.
At the park, one bag is heavy while another is light.
We compared a heavy bag with a light bag at the park.
The heavy bag differs from the light bag at the park.
At the park, the bag changed from heavy to light.
At the park, the bag changed from light to heavy.
At the library, one bag is heavy while another is light.
We compared a heavy bag with a light bag at the library.
The heavy bag differs from the light bag at the library.
At the library, the bag changed from heavy to light.
At the library, the bag changed from light to heavy.
At the office, one bag is heavy while another is light.
We compared a heavy bag with a light bag at the office.
The heavy bag differs from the light bag at the office.
At the office, the bag changed from heavy to light.
At the office, the bag changed from light to heavy.
At the station, one bag is heavy while another is light.
We compared a heavy bag with a light bag at the station.
The heavy bag differs from the light bag at the station.
At the station, the bag changed from heavy to light.
At the station, the bag changed from light to heavy.
At the school, one bag is heavy while another is light.
We compared a heavy bag with a light bag at the school.
The heavy bag differs from the light bag at the school.
At the school, the bag changed from heavy to light.
At the school, the bag changed from light to heavy.
At the store, one bag is heavy while another is light.
We compared a heavy bag with a light bag at the store.
The heavy bag differs from the light bag at the store.
At the store, the bag changed from heavy to light.
At the store, the bag changed from light to heavy.
At the market, one bag is heavy while another is light.
We compared a heavy bag with a light bag at the market.
The heavy bag differs from the light bag at the market.
At the market, the bag changed from heavy to light.
At the market, the bag changed from light to heavy.
At the garden, one bicycle is fast while another is slow.
We compared a fast bicycle with a slow bicycle at the garden.
The fast bicycle differs from the slow bicycle at the garden.
At the garden, the bicycle changed from fast to slow.
At the garden, the bicycle changed from slow to fast.
At the park, one bicycle is fast while another is slow.
We compared a fast bicycle with a slow bicycle at the park.
The fast bicycle differs from the slow bicycle at the park.
At the park, the bicycle changed from fast to slow.
At the park, the bicycle changed from slow to fast.
At the library, one bicycle is fast while another is slow.
We compared a fast bicycle with a slow bicycle at the library.
The fast bicycle differs from the slow bicycle at the library.
At the library, the bicycle changed from fast to slow.
At the library, the bicycle changed from slow to fast.
At the office, one bicycle is fast while another is slow.
We compared a fast bicycle with a slow bicycle at the office.
The fast bicycle differs from the slow bicycle at the office.
At the office, the bicycle changed from fast to slow.
At the office, the bicycle changed from slow to fast.
At the station, one bicycle is fast while another is slow.
We compared a fast bicycle with a slow bicycle at the station.
The fast bicycle differs from the slow bicycle at the station.
At the station, the bicycle changed from fast to slow.
At the station, the bicycle changed from slow to fast.
At the school, one bicycle is fast while another is slow.
We compared a fast bicycle with a slow bicycle at the school.
The fast bicycle differs from the slow bicycle at the school.
At the school, the bicycle changed from fast to slow.
At the school, the bicycle changed from slow to fast.
At the store, one bicycle is fast while another is slow.
We compared a fast bicycle with a slow bicycle at the store.
The fast bicycle differs from the slow bicycle at the store.
At the store, the bicycle changed from fast to slow.
At the store, the bicycle changed from slow to fast.
At the market, one bicycle is fast while another is slow.
We compared a fast bicycle with a slow bicycle at the market.
The fast bicycle differs from the slow bicycle at the market.
At the market, the bicycle changed from fast to slow.
At the market, the bicycle changed from slow to fast.
At the garden, one arrival is early while another is late.
We compared a early arrival with a late arrival at the garden.
The early arrival differs from the late arrival at the garden.
At the garden, the arrival changed from early to late.
At the garden, the arrival changed from late to early.
At the park, one arrival is early while another is late.
We compared a early arrival with a late arrival at the park.
The early arrival differs from the late arrival at the park.
At the park, the arrival changed from early to late.
At the park, the arrival changed from late to early.
At the library, one arrival is early while another is late.
We compared a early arrival with a late arrival at the library.
The early arrival differs from the late arrival at the library.
At the library, the arrival changed from early to late.
At the library, the arrival changed from late to early.
At the office, one arrival is early while another is late.
We compared a early arrival with a late arrival at the office.
The early arrival differs from the late arrival at the office.
At the office, the arrival changed from early to late.
At the office, the arrival changed from late to early.
At the station, one arrival is early while another is late.
We compared a early arrival with a late arrival at the station.
The early arrival differs from the late arrival at the station.
At the station, the arrival changed from early to late.
At the station, the arrival changed from late to early.
At the school, one arrival is early while another is late.
We compared a early arrival with a late arrival at the school.
The early arrival differs from the late arrival at the school.
At the school, the arrival changed from early to late.
At the school, the arrival changed from late to early.
At the store, one arrival is early while another is late.
We compared a early arrival with a late arrival at the store.
The early arrival differs from the late arrival at the store.
At the store, the arrival changed from early to late.
At the store, the arrival changed from late to early.
At the market, one arrival is early while another is late.
We compared a early arrival with a late arrival at the market.
The early arrival differs from the late arrival at the market.
At the market, the arrival changed from early to late.
At the market, the arrival changed from late to early.
At the garden, one cushion is soft while another is hard.
We compared a soft cushion with a hard cushion at the garden.
The soft cushion differs from the hard cushion at the garden.
At the garden, the cushion changed from soft to hard.
At the garden, the cushion changed from hard to soft.
At the park, one cushion is soft while another is hard.
We compared a soft cushion with a hard cushion at the park.
The soft cushion differs from the hard cushion at the park.
At the park, the cushion changed from soft to hard.
At the park, the cushion changed from hard to soft.
At the library, one cushion is soft while another is hard.
We compared a soft cushion with a hard cushion at the library.
The soft cushion differs from the hard cushion at the library.
At the library, the cushion changed from soft to hard.
At the library, the cushion changed from hard to soft.
At the office, one cushion is soft while another is hard.
We compared a soft cushion with a hard cushion at the office.
The soft cushion differs from the hard cushion at the office.
At the office, the cushion changed from soft to hard.
At the office, the cushion changed from hard to soft.
At the station, one cushion is soft while another is hard.
We compared a soft cushion with a hard cushion at the station.
The soft cushion differs from the hard cushion at the station.
At the station, the cushion changed from soft to hard.
At the station, the cushion changed from hard to soft.
At the school, one cushion is soft while another is hard.
We compared a soft cushion with a hard cushion at the school.
The soft cushion differs from the hard cushion at the school.
At the school, the cushion changed from soft to hard.
At the school, the cushion changed from hard to soft.
At the store, one cushion is soft while another is hard.
We compared a soft cushion with a hard cushion at the store.
The soft cushion differs from the hard cushion at the store.
At the store, the cushion changed from soft to hard.
At the store, the cushion changed from hard to soft.
At the market, one cushion is soft while another is hard.
We compared a soft cushion with a hard cushion at the market.
The soft cushion differs from the hard cushion at the market.
At the market, the cushion changed from soft to hard.
At the market, the cushion changed from hard to soft.
At the garden, one table is round while another is square.
We compared a round table with a square table at the garden.
The round table differs from the square table at the garden.
At the garden, the table changed from round to square.
At the garden, the table changed from square to round.
At the park, one table is round while another is square.
We compared a round table with a square table at the park.
The round table differs from the square table at the park.
At the park, the table changed from round to square.
At the park, the table changed from square to round.
At the library, one table is round while another is square.
We compared a round table with a square table at the library.
The round table differs from the square table at the library.
At the library, the table changed from round to square.
At the library, the table changed from square to round.
At the office, one table is round while another is square.
We compared a round table with a square table at the office.
The round table differs from the square table at the office.
At the office, the table changed from round to square.
At the office, the table changed from square to round.
At the station, one table is round while another is square.
We compared a round table with a square table at the station.
The round table differs from the square table at the station.
At the station, the table changed from round to square.
At the station, the table changed from square to round.
At the school, one table is round while another is square.
We compared a round table with a square table at the school.
The round table differs from the square table at the school.
At the school, the table changed from round to square.
At the school, the table changed from square to round.
At the store, one table is round while another is square.
We compared a round table with a square table at the store.
The round table differs from the square table at the store.
At the store, the table changed from round to square.
At the store, the table changed from square to round.
At the market, one table is round while another is square.
We compared a round table with a square table at the market.
The round table differs from the square table at the market.
At the market, the table changed from round to square.
At the market, the table changed from square to round.
At the garden, one path is wide while another is narrow.
We compared a wide path with a narrow path at the garden.
The wide path differs from the narrow path at the garden.
At the garden, the path changed from wide to narrow.
At the garden, the path changed from narrow to wide.
At the park, one path is wide while another is narrow.
We compared a wide path with a narrow path at the park.
The wide path differs from the narrow path at the park.
At the park, the path changed from wide to narrow.
At the park, the path changed from narrow to wide.
At the library, one path is wide while another is narrow.
We compared a wide path with a narrow path at the library.
The wide path differs from the narrow path at the library.
At the library, the path changed from wide to narrow.
At the library, the path changed from narrow to wide.
At the office, one path is wide while another is narrow.
We compared a wide path with a narrow path at the office.
The wide path differs from the narrow path at the office.
At the office, the path changed from wide to narrow.
At the office, the path changed from narrow to wide.
At the station, one path is wide while another is narrow.
We compared a wide path with a narrow path at the station.
The wide path differs from the narrow path at the station.
At the station, the path changed from wide to narrow.
At the station, the path changed from narrow to wide.
At the school, one path is wide while another is narrow.
We compared a wide path with a narrow path at the school.
The wide path differs from the narrow path at the school.
At the school, the path changed from wide to narrow.
At the school, the path changed from narrow to wide.
At the store, one path is wide while another is narrow.
We compared a wide path with a narrow path at the store.
The wide path differs from the narrow path at the store.
At the store, the path changed from wide to narrow.
At the store, the path changed from narrow to wide.
At the market, one path is wide while another is narrow.
We compared a wide path with a narrow path at the market.
The wide path differs from the narrow path at the market.
At the market, the path changed from wide to narrow.
At the market, the path changed from narrow to wide.
At the garden, one towel is wet while another is dry.
We compared a wet towel with a dry towel at the garden.
The wet towel differs from the dry towel at the garden.
At the garden, the towel changed from wet to dry.
At the garden, the towel changed from dry to wet.
At the park, one towel is wet while another is dry.
We compared a wet towel with a dry towel at the park.
The wet towel differs from the dry towel at the park.
At the park, the towel changed from wet to dry.
At the park, the towel changed from dry to wet.
At the library, one towel is wet while another is dry.
We compared a wet towel with a dry towel at the library.
The wet towel differs from the dry towel at the library.
At the library, the towel changed from wet to dry.
At the library, the towel changed from dry to wet.
At the office, one towel is wet while another is dry.
We compared a wet towel with a dry towel at the office.
The wet towel differs from the dry towel at the office.
At the office, the towel changed from wet to dry.
At the office, the towel changed from dry to wet.
At the station, one towel is wet while another is dry.
We compared a wet towel with a dry towel at the station.
The wet towel differs from the dry towel at the station.
At the station, the towel changed from wet to dry.
At the station, the towel changed from dry to wet.
At the school, one towel is wet while another is dry.
We compared a wet towel with a dry towel at the school.
The wet towel differs from the dry towel at the school.
At the school, the towel changed from wet to dry.
At the school, the towel changed from dry to wet.
At the store, one towel is wet while another is dry.
We compared a wet towel with a dry towel at the store.
The wet towel differs from the dry towel at the store.
At the store, the towel changed from wet to dry.
At the store, the towel changed from dry to wet.
At the market, one towel is wet while another is dry.
We compared a wet towel with a dry towel at the market.
The wet towel differs from the dry towel at the market.
At the market, the towel changed from wet to dry.
At the market, the towel changed from dry to wet.
